In the last lecture we successfully stored our data for our locked in user on our firebase server.
That's great.
Now we all want to get to stay the back and for this I'll go back to the shopping list service and implement
a fitting method which allows us to retrieve data.
We already have our store list Meffert.
Now I'm going to add a second method to your which I'll call fatuus because this is what they do have
fetched a list.
I also need the token there because of course you have to be of any credit to be allowed to read the
data too.
And then I will again return in observable the observable generated by the get method now because I'm
sending a GET request into or L is the same Eurail as before including the token of course because we
need to send a token here too.
So this is our your l.
We also need to get the user ID of course to retrieve the right data.
We're almost done already.
However I want to add the map method to transform this data bit in map.
I know that I'll get you response which still is of type response.
And then I will again simply extract the body of this response and turn it into a shallow script object
like this.
But I also want to do something else.
I'll map an additional operator D-do operator and do will simply run on the result of this observable
just like subscribe but but in-between it's not the SUBSCRIBE method itself it just allows us to use
the response data.
If someone else subscribes so like a listener in between here I will also get the data and I want to
use the data to overwrite the list of ingredients here in the service because keep in mind we're already
storing our ingredients list here into shopping lists service dishonesty ingredient list we're displaying
on our Web page.
Of course I want you over this if I fetch new data.
And why not do this right here if I'm already in the service.
So I will set this ingredients equal to data because data will just be my array of ingredients.
It's the same your LSD you are used to store the data stored in an array.
So what are we going to get back.
Well of course an array.
So with that the ingredients data is overwritten but we're not sending the request because we're not
subscribing.
So let's do this now.
In your shopping list page here if we chose load here I want to load the data.
Now I'm going to copy the code from down there.
Of course you could also refactored as a bit since we do have quite a bit of code duplication here but
for teaching reasons or just to make this really clear I like to keep it separate and duplicated code.
But I think it's a bit easier to see what we're doing in each of those callbacks.
So it might not be the optimal code but hopefully one which is pretty clear about what it does.
So we're now in the if block where we check if we're loading data then we're getting the token then
we're reaching out to the shopping lists service and then here I want to reach out to fetch list instead
of story list.
I still passed the token.
I still subscribe of course but then in the success call back here I know that I will get a list of
ingredients of course.
So this is the type of this list and that I want to use it here in this Colback indie success Colback
this list of ingredients is what I fetched from the server.
It might also be undefined if no list was stored.
So I'll first check if a list is set if it is not null.
So if we actually did successfully fetch some data in this case or also want to replace my list items
here on this shopping this page do list items and displaying on the page in the end.
I did already replace them into service with the do operator but I also need to replace them here on
the page.
If we didn't get a list though well then I want to set my list items to an empty array though of course
you could also do nothing here because maybe you wanted to keep your current state.
In that case really depends on what you're trying to achieve.
Well with some place let's save this and let's see if it works as intended.
Keep in mind we already did store milk on our shopping list in the last lecture.
So this reloads the data is gone but if I now click on load list we don't see anything right.
We don't see an error.
So it kind of seems to work.
But why don't we see our updated list.
Well that's simply due to how change detection works in English too.
We do override our list items arrays.
This is correct but this alone doesn't trigger the change to static detection in our Colback here.
We will solve this in the next videos when we add some cosmetics to our app when we make the user interface
nicer.
We can see that the data was retrieved if we navigate back a wall or a way and back.
Now you see the mulga item here.
So this works and this is the key takeaway for now.
Now let's add some nice effect some spinner for example whilst we're loading and then this will also
solve our issue of not having an up to date page.
Let's dive into polishing days and the next lecture.